SLC Device Simulator Configuration
How to write JSON Files to Configure the Simulator


= JSON Configuration =

The **SLC Device Simulator** accepts plain text ASCII only JSON format files for configuration.

The example bellow show a very basic JSON configuration file (__cfg_simple.js__):
```
{
	"info": {
		"desc" : "Simple test", 
		"version" : [0, 1]
	},

	"sensor" : { 
		"model" : "2251B",
		"enabled" : true,
		"ledno" : 1,
		"addr" : [ 1, 2 ]
	},

	"module" : { 
		"model" : "M500M",
		"enabled" : true,
		"ledno" : 2,
		"addr" : [ 1, 2 ]
	},
}
```


= Top Level Objects =

Top level objects are the type of objects declared just after the initial braces. The simulator understand the following objects:

- ``"info" :`` holds the configuration description and version.
- ``"sensor" :`` device object.
- ``"module" :`` device object.
- ``"sw1" :`` switch object.
- ``"sw2" :`` switch object.
- ``"events" :`` list of scripts dispatched by events in the system.
- ``"trigger" :`` device polling trigger module.


**WARNING:** object with invalid identifiers are silently ignored, so be careful when typing.


== Info ==
Info object is used to track the configuration version.
Two fields are provided:
- ``"tag" :`` string with a short configuration name.
- ``"author" :`` string with a the name of the confiuration's author.
- ``"panel" :`` string describing the fire alarm panel.
- ``"desc" :`` string with a generic description of what this configuration is intended to.
- ``"version" :`` array with version information with the following format: ``[MAJOR, MINOR, REV]``. Notice that ``MINOR`` and ``REV`` are optional.


== Devices ==

Devices can be either **sensors** or **modules**. They share the same general structure and support the following fields:
- ``"ilat" :`` current sink latency in microseconds. Range: 0 to 250.
- ``"ipre" :`` pre-emphasis current sink time in microseconds. Range: 0 to 250.
- ``"imode" :`` current sink mode. Range: 0 to 25. See //Current Sink// section.
- ``"irate" :`` current sink slew rate. Range: 0 to 3.
- ``"tbias" :`` current pulse time bias.
- ``"addr" :`` device addresses. This can be either a single address or a list (array) of addresses.
- ``"ledno" :`` number corresponding to a LED which will flash when the device is polled. Valid values: 1 to 6.
- ``"enabled" :`` enables/disables the device. Boolean.
- ``"model" :`` string matching a corresponding simulation model from the Device Database.
- ``"tag" :`` string labeling the device.
- ``"group" :`` array of groups the device belongs to. Up to 4 groups can be assigned for each device. Up to 255 groups (1 to 255) can be defined.
- ``"event" :`` an event will trigger the corresponding script to run when the device is polled. Useful to define programmatic behaviour.


== Switches ==
A switch represents any of the three positions lever switches on the front of the board. The leftmost switch is **``sw1``** and the other **``sw2``**.
The switch object has 3 fields, comprising of MicroJS scripts, each one corresponding to a position of the switch.

- ``"up" :`` triggers the script when the lever is pulled up.
- ``"off" :`` triggers the script when the lever is centered.
- ``"down" :`` triggers the script when the lever is pushed down.


== Trigger ==

Device polling trigger module.


= Current Sink =

The **SLC DEvice Simulator** have a flexible software programmable current sink arrangement. Latencies, current levels, slew rate and time tolerance can be programmed for individual devices. 


== Mode ==

The current sink module can be programmed for different current levels according to the following table:

| **mode** | **pre**(mA) | **sink**(mA) |
|    0 |    128 |     45 |
|    1 |    160 |     45 |
|    2 |    160 |     57 |
|    3 |    168 |     76 |
|    4 |    179 |     45 |
|    5 |    204 |     45 |
|    6 |    204 |     52 |
|    7 |    214 |     76 |
|    8 |    216 |     82 |
|    9 |    232 |     82 |
|   10 |    232 |     89 |
|   11 |    261 |     45 |
|   12 |    261 |     82 |
|   13 |    261 |    128 |
|   14 |    299 |     76 |
|   15 |    324 |     76 |
|   16 |    324 |    115 |
|   17 |    324 |    138 |
|   18 |    362 |    138 |
|   19 |    379 |     76 |
|   20 |    379 |     96 |
|   21 |    409 |    138 |
|   22 |    409 |    156 |
|   23 |    438 |     76 |
|   24 |    438 |    138 |
|   25 |    438 |    214 |

== Slew Rate ==

== Latency ==

== Time Bias ==

= LEDs =


